10. Danny Nolan
Ayo Cudi aka Danny Nolan at the bottom of the list right here. Ayo no offense cos the god actually dont hate this nigga or nothin…but the nigga joints is softer than cotton panties son. Let me make this clear tho…son IS NOT wack. But he IS softer than babys breath namsayin.  The nigga do be evenin his shit out from time to time tho…so he get that coveted #10 spot for that shit namsayin. The nigga did get served a in the crowd at his show at blue house so Imma give him that credit where its due n shit namsayin. Even tho that shit left a big mark on that nigga. That shit mussa took the nigga some heart at least nahmean...DHAMMMMMMMMMMMM 
said it best:   coffee...ya manz is soft as toffee



9. max horowitz-glee
Aka Snoop Budden. Aka the rap Pau Gasol. Aka the McRib of hip hop. Aka the human yeast infection. Get this niccas dusty pussy the fuck outta here already. Son cant contain his softness. The niggas favorite color is rainbow. The niggaa only has two facial expressions: Jus been fucked or bout to fuck somebody.  Remember this is the motherfucka who watches glee and one tree hill.  I dont know whats gayer, doin that shit in secret, or doin that shit and bein proud about it.  
The nicca always either looks like he bout to violate a broad/nigga or he looks like the picture on a missing dog poster.


8.  Cal Kroloff & Jesse pledge
Ayo, so you dudes did a weight losin contest and bonded over that shit man, nigga thats some gay shit.  Ayo these snow niggas get points for stayin true to his own crackerjack self n losin weight and shit. But they still some marshmallow ass muthafuckas. Ayo its like these niggas made out of baby powder namsayin. This nigga is human baby powder in the flesh son.  Bumpin this niggas shit in the whip wit ya windows down is broad repellant my nig. 

7.  Carp-
ayo now you gon send some sentimental shit email on fuckin hate day, now you my little so i gotta like you n shit but thats some gay shit.  I wasnt gonna put you on this but c'mon my dude.  Now that you on this though i gotta go in,
Callin this nigga a failure is not givin him enough credit namsayin. Straight up. Technically this nigga has already mastered failure n moved on to the level that comes after failin tho. Son has evolved past bein a regular failin ass nigga. This nigga has developed his own science when it comes to that shiz….its “quantum failure” nahmean. This nigga can fail without even bein awake yo. Son can fail in a dream n bring that shiz back wit him to his conscious state namsayin. The nigga can inception fail his way thru life. The nigga can find the fail buried 4 levels deeper under the failure that you actually see. The nigga can fail about 78 times per heartbeat g. In fact by the time you finish readin this sentence the nigga will have failed approximately 468 times namsayin. This nigga is usin methods of failure that niggas aint even seen since the ancient Mayans n Egyptians was on earth still yo. This nigga is usin approaches to failin that brought upon the destructions of entire ancient civilizations son. Think its a game yo? This nigga takes his failure very fuckin seriously son. He dont want no failures happenin unless he involved. No chains snatched…no faces smacked…no nothin. A nigga falls off his bike in the park….he wants IN.



6. Ginzburg
Aka the Ryan Seacrest of rap. Son is the safest nigga on earth. This the type a NAHGGER that old rich white men try to set up wit they daughters n shit. This nigga wasnt born yo....he was blossomed. When he aint startin pillow fights on tour n pollinatin flowers n shit son stays spittin wit that tenderized Stephen Hawking voice. The niggas heart got a ponytail. Son could probably make you any origami animal you ask him to namsayin. He the type a nigga to sprinkle rose pedals on his bed before he go to sleep n shit. Son could probably frost a cake usin his eyes nahmean. This niggas moms n pops basically got Rick Rolled when the doctor said "Its a boy!" But it aint like Tone wanna see the nigga get torn to pieces by a pack a wolves n shit. If I seen him would the god wanna beat the garnier fructis outta him? I dont kno b. Maybe?  This is the type a dude who only watches anime porn...i mean this dudes girlfiend comes straight out of a anime movie...for real.




5. reshef
This nigga always goin outta his way to make it hard to like him b. Niggas already gave up on tryin to get this muthafucka to stop actin like a damn goupie yo. He gon dickride...whatever I guess. He wanna namedrop still...*shrug*. He wanna throw rocks then hide his hand...hey..what ya gon do rite? Im sayin yo...niggas done FORGAVE this muthafucka for nonstop wack shit b.  But somebody musta told the nigga that that shit was mad fruity (SURPRISE NIGGA!)...So he probably got to thinkin "Ayo Imma cover wear this chain yo, AEPI gon love that shit" But you could still see the butterfly underneath it so son was was like..."Ayo why dont I throw a big ass red star on that too...AEPi gon love that shit".  Niggas of course gave that shit a pass too yo. So jus to push his luck a little more..the nigga was like.."Hmmm maybe I should start rockin a tight shirt... AEPi gon love that shit". Niggas STILL tried to ignore that shit b. What more does this nigga want from us yo? All that cryin he done did in interviews...the bullshit beefin...squeezin hisself into the picture...jockin niggas styles...SON. Im sayin tho...this emotional ass nigga need to figure his life out.   Son is the worst kind a soft nicca cos he dont even kno he soft nahmean. If reincarnation was real this nicca would come back as play doh son. Real talk. Son makes you wanna beat the porridge outta him. Thats why this nicca gets slapped at least twice a week yo. If you cant remember the punchline to a joke all you gotta say is “Yung Berg” n you gon get the same laughs anyway nahmean. Somebody needs to douche this niccas entire life son.


4.  Jay Vitha

This is a conflicted nigga rite here. If this aint a nigga wit a identity crisis I dont kno what is namsayin. First you got the Vitha thats like the Taio Cruz of hip hop. The nigga got the most biznatchmade voice on earth so its not like it takes son much effort to go FAM (Feminine As a Muthafucka) on a track. But then you look again n the niggas hollerin soo woo n twistin his fingers in all sortsa stupid ways while he takin a picture wit Jeezy. Then you hear the nigga promisin to wife any broad that glances in his general direction in a song. Then theres Drake who dont give a fuck bout a biznatch or a hoe. Then theres Vitha who will snuggle up in a broads lap n fall asleep. We all kno who the real Vitha is but son wants to have his cake n eat it too namsayin. First off this nigga had approximately zero male role models in his household to look up to while he was growin up. So it aint came as no surprise to his moms when son had a Jack Sparrow walk n stuck his pinky out when he held his teacups. Son probably weighs about 90 or 100…n at least 50 of those pounds gotta be due to female hormones alone yo. But aint nobody mad at the nigga for all that effeminate shiz.


3. jeff cicurel-Ayo what more you gon say bout this nigga?





2.teddy nimetz-
Nigga probably swings his window shutters open in the morning n has birds n squirrels crawlin up his curtains while he sings songs to them n shit. You might catch that nigga in the forest playin a harp or sumthin namsayin. Son probably got pictures on his walls of miniature babies sittin in fruit bowls n sproutin from gardens n shit like that. That muthafucka mussa got bit by a radioactive butterfly one day namsayin. Son celebrated when the wicked witch got the house dropped on her b. Son probably lives in a mushshroom or some shit. Son I wanna make it real clear that I dont hate this niggaa. But he still soft as fuck yo. This that nigga that you see in the classroom carvin hearts wit arrows goin thru em on his desk. Son probably rocks cereal jewelry.The nicca coulda easily been #1 on the list but the competition kinda stiff (pause) these days yo. Son looks like he closes his eyes when he brushes his teeth nahmean. This is the type a nigga that wraps his mouth on the outside of the bottle when he has a beer.




1.  nick becker
This nigga is a diva son. All this nigga dreams bout is bein famous n havin shiny shit to wear.  This dude wrestles kittens yo. Son probably owns a giga pet namsayin. If you slapped this dude it would probably sound like glass breakin. There aint one muthafucka in the industry who crowns hisself for more accomplishments that he never actually accomplished than ya boy Becker be doin nahmean.  This the type of dude who updates his own wikipedia page b.  This the type a cornball ass nigga who pulls up in the McDonalds drive thru to order a smile wit his meals nahmean.  But in the meantime this merry little muthaQuacka right here got pictures of hisself sittin on broads laps n more pictures of hisself embracin other dudes than any nigga known to man…n he STILL goin on wit life like that shiz all good. Cos aint nobody SHOCKED when they see the sus nigga wit liquid vagina flowin thru his veins doin that shiz namsayin. Niggas practically EXPECT that shiz from son namsayin.




sophomores-
Ayo thats right the 3 ply softness nigga took up all the top spots nahmean. I aint even got to tell you how the god be feelin bout these niggas. But I wish the niggas success n long as they stay out a nigga way he aint gon get thrown thru no brick walls or nothin like that. Hopefully the niggas stop droppin vagina bombs on niggas n start rappin like a dude tho nahmean.
As in ey'body in Sophomores that aint Tep, Cathy or McCabe...jus to clarify that shit. But the rest a these muthafuckas is like the X-Men of soft ass muthafuckas son. 


Aight peace.

